I've been too scared to tell you what happened 15 years ago
I'm afraid you'll be sad
Mom thinks the man just now is very likely
It's your blood.
Father even if not
He must have known your biological father too
I don't know why your biological parents are so cruel
Must abandon you
But since the man just now found it
This shows that
Your biological parents have found out your whereabouts
Listen to mom and go find them
Every family has a difficult scripture to read
maybe
What are their compelling reasons?
Well, I will go to the hospital tomorrow to check the monitoring.
I want to ask in person
What did I do wrong?
Why did you abandon me?
Why don't you want me?